Link to our finished codepen: https://codepen.io/JakeHappel/pen/jOwqPYw?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    It is HTML that gives meaning to our markup.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Used to create the information used on the web
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute is when you but a value or property on something
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used for title and it should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a and img
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title
    7. What is an id? 
    it gives a specific name to identify it later in the code
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    class is used to determine the parent child relationship
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    once
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Its used to put text on an img
    15. How do I reference an id?
        # numbersign
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    section groups the content inside and div does not
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    To create style on a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    use its reference
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is used to indetify only one element in your HTML and class can be used to identify more than one 
    if your were to have multiple h2 elements you could use a specific id for each of them in order to change just one of them in CSS
    class can be used by javascript to manipulate specific elementwithin a class
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class...
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of "human""?
    p .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    card content this would be useful when styling multile elements under one parent
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used change the style when your cursor is over something
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    margin
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    font-style uppercase and undercase and capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{border 1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*   */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    the ls command
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    the dir command
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    use the rm command and you have to be careful because you cant get the file you deleted back
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    allows you to compare and merge files
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    everytime a change is made
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    add . commit and push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    cd to desktop
    cd to lambda folder
    git clone
    git cheackout
    then when your done 
    add
    commit
    push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    an inline element stay within one line but block element usually leads in a line break
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    no longer exists in normal document flow
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    margin auto
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    input is inline-block by default and span and img are inline by default and h1 div and address are display block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    the box model is a way to display elements within a givin space. It uses borders and margins to make it look put together well. using proper margins they will respect there givin space
